documentation Update-M365DSCAzureAdApp #3487 (#3488)
microsoft/Microsoft365DSC: docs/docs/user-guide/cmdlets/Update-M365DSCAzureAdApplication.md

| Parameter | Required | DataType | Default Value | Allowed Values | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| ApplicationName | False | String | Microsoft365DSC |  |  |

> | Permissions | True True | Hashtable[] |  |  |  |

Reviewer: Typo fixed (extra "True" removed)
``` suggestion
| Permissions | True | Hashtable[] |  |  |  |
```

> | ApplicationName | False | String | Microsoft365DSC |  | The name of the application to create or update. Default value is 'Microsoft365DSC'. |

Reviewer: You already have the default value in the nearby column?

However, the table looks really cramped. If this is not auto-generated from PowerShell sources, consider, maybe removing the "Default Value" column to give more space to Description?
```suggestion
| ApplicationName | False | String | Microsoft365DSC |  | The name of the application to create or update.|
```

Author: It's auto-generated...

| Type | False | String | Secret | Secret, Certificate | The type of credential to create. Default value is 'Secret'. Valid values are 'Secret' and 'Certificate'. |

> | MonthsValid | False | Int32 | 12 |  | The number of months the certificate should be valid. Default value is 12. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MonthsValid | False | Int32 | 12 |  | The number of months the certificate should be valid. Default value is 12. Currently, Microsoft Entra ID does not accept certificates with validity over 12 months for this purpose. |
```

| CreateNewSecret | False | SwitchParameter |  |  | If specified, a new secret will be created for the application. -CreateNewSecret or -CertificatePath can be used, not both. |
| CertificatePath | False | String |  |  | The path to the certificate to use for the application. -CreateNewSecret or -CertificatePath can be used, not both. |

> | CreateSelfSignedCertificate | False | SwitchParameter |  |  | If specified, a self-signed certificate will be created for the application. -CreateSelfSignedCertificate or -CertificatePath can be used, not both. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CreateSelfSignedCertificate | False | SwitchParameter |  |  | If specified, a self-signed certificate will be created, saved to a file specified by -CertificatePath (file must not exist) and uploaded for the application. |
```

| AdminConsent | False | SwitchParameter |  |  | If specified, admin consent will be granted for the application. |

> | Credential | False | PSCredential |  |  | The credential to use for authenticating the request. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Credential | False | PSCredential |  |  | The credential to use for authenticating the request. Mutually exclusive with -TenantId. |
```

| ApplicationId | False | String |  |  | The ApplicationId to use for authenticating the request. -Credential or -ApplicationId can be used, not both. |

> | TenantId | False | String |  |  | The TenantId to use for the request. The TenantId needs to be in the form of contoso.onmicrosoft.com. -Credential or -TenantId can be used, not both. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TenantId | False | String |  |  | The name of the tenant to use for the request. Must be in the form of your_domain.onmicrosoft.com. Mutually exclusive with -Credential. |
```

| ApplicationSecret | False | PSCredential |  |  | The ApplicationSecret to use for authenticating the request. -Credential or -ApplicationSecret can be used, not both. |

> | CertificateThumbprint | False | String |  |  | The CertificateThumbprint to use for authenticating the request. -Credential or -CertificateThumbprint can be used, not both. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CertificateThumbprint | False | String |  |  | Thumbprint of an existing auth certificate to use for authenticating the request. Mutually exclusive with -Credential. |
```

`Update-M365DSCAzureAdApplication -ApplicationName 'Microsoft365DSC' -Permissions @(@{Api='SharePoint';PermissionName='Sites.FullControl.All'},@{Api='Graph';PermissionName='Group.ReadWrite.All'},@{Api='Exchange';PermissionName='Exchange.ManageAsApp'}) -AdminConsent -Credential $creds -Type Certificate -CertificatePath c:\Temp\M365DSC.cer`

-------------------------- EXAMPLE 4 --------------------------

> `Update-M365DSCAzureAdApplication -ApplicationName $Microsoft365DSC -Permissions $(Get-M365DSCCompiledPermissionList -ResourceNameList Get-M365DSCAllResources -PermissionType Application -AccessType Read) -Type Certificate -CreateSelfSignedCertificate -AdminConsent -MonthsValid 12 -Credential $creds -CertificatePath c:\Temp\M365DSC.cer`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the easiest way to create a new app registration for Microsoft365DSC in a tenant.
It will connect to the tenant with the credentials **$creds** (important to identify which tenant to connect to), create/update the Microsoft365DSC application named "Microsoft365DSC", give it Read access to all possible resources, generate a self-signed certificate valid for max possible duration (12 months - default value, save it to a file c:\Temp\M365DSC.cer and upload this cert into the newly created app registration. 

`Update-M365DSCAzureAdApplication `
    -ApplicationName Microsoft365DSC `
    -Permissions $(Get-M365DSCCompiledPermissionList -ResourceNameList Get-M365DSCAllResources -PermissionType Application -AccessType Read) `
    -AdminConsent `
    -Type Certificate `
    -CreateSelfSignedCertificate `
    -CertificatePath c:\Temp\M365DSC.cer `
    -Credential $creds
    
```
